= rujitsu

A ruby gem with various helper methods to smooth out your Ruby development.  

== Install

  gem install rahoulb-rujitsu --source http://gems.github.com
  
== Including

  require "rujitsu"
  require "rujitsu/grammar"

=== Rails

To require in rails 2.2, add the following to your +environment.rb+ file.

  config.gem "rahoulb-rujitsu", :lib => "rujitsu", :source => "http://gems.github.com"
  config.gem "rahoulb-rujitsu", :lib => "rujitsu/grammar", :source => "http://gems.github.com"


== Usage

=== Generating random strings

The Fixnum class has a couple of extensions allowing you to generate random strings.  

  5.random_letters
  5.random_numbers
  5.random_characters
  
You can also generate a variable length string.  

  (3..5).random_letters 
  
This generates a string of random letters whose length is 3, 4 or 5 characters.  
  
=== URL-friendly strings

The String class has an extension that strips out URL-unfriendly characters.  

  ""$%hello!@ 123 there'".to_url # => "hello-123-there" 


=== Grammar

So far the grammar library just adds the method +should_recieve+ for rspec assertions. Use it to find out what it does!


== Released under the MIT Licence

Copyright (c) 2008 Brightbox Systems Ltd 

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

* The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

See http://www.brightbox.co.uk/ for contact details.  
